Update index.md (#11508)
github/docs: content/github/copilot/index.md

---
title: GitHub Copilot

> intro: 'You can use {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} Copilot to assist with your programming in the editor of your choice.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intro: 'You can use {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} Copilot to assist with your programming in your editor'
```

> intro: 'You can use {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} Copilot to assist with your programming in the editor of your choice.'

Author: @lecoursen i have edited it.
